Time is not real. It's not what you
think. It's not fixed. It's not linear.
And it's most definitely not your enemy,
unless you believe it is. Today, I'm
going to show you how time is an
illusion and how you can hack it to
manifest whatever you want faster than
ever. If you've been affirming,
scripting, visualizing, and your desire
is still stuck in limbo, then this might
be the breakthrough that you have been
waiting for. So stick around because by
the end of this video, you will never
look at time or manifestation the same
way again. But before we dive in,
welcome. If you're new here, I am Al and
I'm here to help you unlock the power to
manifest the life that you truly desire.
If you are looking for personalized
support, please check out the
description box below for my website and
all the details on oneonone coaching.
But now, let's get started. So, let's
start with the basics. What if time
isn't real? Einstein proved that time is
relative. In other words, it bends, it
stretches, it compresses, it behaves
differently based on your speed, your
gravity, your perspective, and your
location in the universe. This is
fascinating. But have you guys heard of
the Andromeda paradox? Short disclaimer,
I am not a physicist. I'm just
fascinated by this topic. So I'm going
to try to explain this paradox in a very
simple way. Basically the Andromeda
paradox shows that time can appear
different for different people depending
on how they are moving. So let's imagine
you and your friend are walking past
each other on a street. So same time,
same location. The only difference is
the speed that you guys are walking past
each other. Maybe you are walking slowly
or even stationary while your friend is
walking fast, maybe even running.
According to the theory of relativity,
even though you guys are standing next
to each other, you may disagree on what
is happening on what you are seeing in a
galaxy far away from us. Let's say the
Andromeda galaxy that is 2.5 million
light years away from us. You are at the
same place looking at the same point in
the universe and you guys are seeing
different events. Events that may be
days or weeks away from each other. This
happens because motion changes the
perception of time. For example, you are
stationary and you are looking at
Andromeda and you see an alien and that
alien hasn't even decided to come to
Earth. Whilst your friend that is
running, he sees the same alien. But not
only has he already decided to come to
Earth, he has already started that
journey. It shows that time is not
absolute. What is the present for one
person might be the future or the past
for someone else. There is no now. There
is only the notion of now. And here's
the part that most people don't get. We
experience time emotionally, not
logically. Ever notice how when you're
doing something that is exciting, time
flies, but it drags when you are anxious
or you are bored. This is not your
imagination. This is your consciousness
bending time. And if your mind can drag
time, it can collapse it too. That
brings us to a powerful truth in
manifestation. Manifestation doesn't
happen in time. It happens in
consciousness. And Neville God taught us
something that most people know but we
ignore it. Manifestation is not about
waiting. We don't have to wait for our
manifestation to happen. It is already
done. But it's waiting for us to assume
the version of us that has it, that can
see it, that can experience it. Think
about this. When you say, when you
think, when you feel, I will manifest X,
you are putting it in the future. But
what if the reason why it's not here is
because you keep imagining it to come
later. And later doesn't exist. The only
thing that exists is your perception of
now. But if your perception of now is I
don't have it, it's not here. I am
waiting. Then this is what you're
manifesting. More waiting, more it's not
here. More I'm not experiencing it yet.
The version of you that already has your
desire, that version exists. That
version exists right now in a timeline
where that desire is real. So your job
is not to wait for it to show up. Your
job is to perceive the world like that
version. So here's where it gets juicy.
If you want to manifest fast, if you
want to overcome the delay, then you
have to stop looking at time like a road
that you have to walk down and you have
to start seeing time as a playlist. If
you want to listen to track seven, you
don't have to wait for six songs to
play. You can just click it. So, here
are three powerful ways for you to hack
time and collapse the delay. Number one,
affirm or have inner dialogues about
your desire but in past tense. So
imagine you are manifesting a dream
home. Instead of saying I will get my
dream house, I am manifesting my dream
house. Say I remember the day when I got
the keys or when I moved in and I am so
happy to be living in my dream house. If
you're manifesting a relationship,
instead of saying I am manifesting a
relationship with this person, or I hope
this works, or let's see if this is
going to work out, say, I remember the
day where we got together, and now we
are living together. Now we are married.
Now we have the life that I always
dreamed of. That tricks your
subconscious into believing that it's
already done. So it starts collapsing
time and space so that you can start
experiencing what you want. Number two,
shift your self-concept. So you have to
stop thinking like the version of you
who is waiting, who can't leave life
right now or can't enjoy life right now,
can't feel fulfilled because the desire
isn't there. And you have to start
feeling like the version of you who is
already living that result what you
want. And to do that you have to ask
yourself daily. What would that version
of me the version that is living the
life that I want think, feel, and do
today? And then you embody that version
and you go act that way, feel that way,
think that way throughout your day. You
may think that you need your desire to
feel that way or to do these things, but
you actually don't. For example, if you
are manifesting a relationship and you
feel sometimes like, "No, I don't want
to go out. I don't want to see people. I
don't want to enjoy the day. I don't
want to have fun because I want to share
these things with my person."
So this is a mindset that is going to
get you stuck because actually all of
these things you can do right now. You
don't need that person to have fun, to
feel fulfilled, to go out and enjoy the
day with friends. You don't need them.
You are just saying it to yourself so
that you can keep yourself in limbo.
It's self-sabotage. Number three, drop
the waiting energy. Recognize and
release the energy of waiting and doubt
because every time that you think why
it's not here, you are actually
reinforcing the idea that your desire is
missing. Waiting energy equals pushing
it away. So instead of entertaining
these thoughts, practice gratitude as if
it's already done because in
consciousness it already is. So next
time list three things that you are
grateful for as if your desire was
already here in your reality. Entertain
that reality. Feel how it would feel,
how your life would change and be
grateful for it. So if time is an
illusion, don't wait, don't chase, don't
hope. Instead, assume, embody, and
receive. Your manifestation isn't on its
way to you. It is already here. You just
have to tune into the version of you
that can see it, can receive it, can
experience it. Time is yours to bend. So
right now, go to the comment section and
write about the life that you desire to
live, but write it in the present tense
as if it's happening right now. I love
to read your comments and send you my
positive thoughts. If you like this
video, don't forget to like, subscribe,
and watch my other videos about the
mysteries of
manifestation. Thank you so much for
being here. I'm going to talk to you
soon. Bye-bye, guys.
